Update PIK-CMIP-1-0-0 ORCID entry (#330)
PCMDI/input4MIPs_CVs: changelog/330.trivial.md

> Update invalid ORCID (Andrew Tatem) for PIK-CMIP-1-0-0
> Reorganized and remove a little repetition in contributing.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated invalid ORCID (Andrew Tatem) for PIK-CMIP-1-0-0
- Reorganized and removed a little repetition in `docs/contributing.md`
```
